["Radetzky March"
by Johann Strauss playing]
[rousing military march continues
with vinyl hiss]
[wind whistling]
[regal brass fanfare building]
MY PATH:
MEMOIRS OF A MILITARY MAN
[upbeat march continues]
[snoring]
[man continues snoring]
[groans softly]
[march reaches triumphant conclusion]
[British woman with RP accent, narrating]
Naturally, our dear Count
has tasted human blood
from every corner of the world.
English blood is his favorite, of course.
He says it has
something of the Roman Empire.
A note of Viking skin.
It's hard to define.
A bitter blood. And dark.
Regrettably, however,
the Count has also sampled
the blood of South America.
The blood of the workers.
He doesn't recommend it.
-It's acrid, he says. With a doggy nose.
-[lips smacking]
A plebeian bouquet that clings
for weeks to his lips and palate.
This whole farce began centuries ago.
In France, of course.
[somber string music playing]
The young Claude Pinoche
lived for almost 20 years
in an old Parisian orphanage.
His parents were never known.
[people shouting]
[British woman] He later became
a proud officer in the army of Louis XVI.
By night, he would drink and chase
the harlots who worked in the taverns.
Until one day, Pinoche the soldier
discovered his true identity.
[soldier shouting in French]
-[harlot wailing]
-[blows landing]
[British woman] The next morning,
the prostitutes told him that,
while drunk, he had bitten
one of the other whores in the neck.
[in French] I don't recall
any of this. It's not true.
And even if it were,
I have no memory of it.
-[gasping]
-[Purcell's "Cold Song" playing]
-[woman 1 in French] You're caught.
-What?
-You're going to die.
-Vampire!
[Claude grunting]
Let it go!
[all straining]
-[squelches]
-[women screaming]
Be careful!
[Claude shouting]
[yelps]
[grunting]
[woman 2 sobbing]
♪ Everlasting snow... ♪
[Claude panting]
[grunting loudly]
[smacks lips]
[British woman] Soon afterwards,
the Revolution began against Louis XVI.
[crowd shouting and jeering]
[British woman] And rather
than defend his king,
Pinoche deserted.
He passed himself off
as a revolutionary, dressed as a peasant.
He watched the nobility
be publicly guillotined.
He watched the blade fall
on Marie Antoinette.
[blood splashes]
[crowd cheering]
[in French] Long live freedom!
[chilling bass aria continues]
♪ Or draw my breath ♪
♪ Let me, let me ♪
♪ Let me freeze again ♪
[slurping]
♪ Let me ♪
♪ Let me freeze ♪
♪ Again to death ♪
♪ Let me, let me freeze... ♪
[British woman] He resolved to use his
powers to fight against all revolutions.
An eternal subject to his beheaded king.
His first step was
to disappear from history.
He attended his own funeral.
[mourners crying]
[in French] Farewell, Claude Pinoche.
[wet squelching]
[British woman] He violated the grave
of another woman and stole the head.
He opened the queen's tomb.
He removed the head and replaced it
with the one he had stolen.
♪ Let me freeze ♪
♪ Again to death ♪
[British woman] Then he fled France
with a little money and disappeared.
-[bass aria ends]
-[wind gusting]
Years later,
the vampire Pinoche resurfaced,
fighting against the revolutions
in Haiti, Russia, and Algeria.
But he tired of being a simple soldier,
and resolved to become a commander.
And for this,
he chose a country without a king.
An insignificant corner of South America.
Second Lieutenant Augusto Pinochet Ugarte!
[British woman] In 1935,
he reappeared under his definitive name
in this land
of fatherless peasants, Chile.
…fulfilling my vow to the military.
Conforming with the current laws
and rules, I obey with all my soul.
[British woman]
His aim was clear. To be a king.
…and to give my all
to be a brave soldier, in honor…
[British woman] But his plan would be
imperfect without a woman at his side.
For this, he chose
a woman even more perverse
and unscrupulous than him, Lucía Hiriart.
[engines roar on TV]
[British woman] Years later,
now a general,
in 1973, he staged a coup d'état,
bombing the Government House
to oust the socialist president,
Salvador Allende.
Although he often looked like a pimp
in the hide of a banana republic mafioso,
the truth is that this little general
successfully rescued Chile
from a Bolshevik infestation.
In private, he demanded
to be called "Count."
He conquered and brought prosperity
to Chile, rose to absolute power,
and made himself
an invincible millionaire.
[gunshots]
[wind whistling]
[somber piano music playing]
[sniffles]
[sighs deeply]
[British woman]
For four decades, Augusto Pinochet
was the distinguished, brilliant
captain general of the Republic of Chile.
When the authorities
finally had him unjustly cornered
for crimes and corruption,
he decided to fake his own death again.
[all singing "Happy Birthday"]
[British woman] To do this, he stopped
drinking blood for several months,
until his heart stopped beating.
Sit down now.
[woman 1] Hold him! Hold him!
-[woman 2] Sit down, will you?
-[woman 1] Take hold of Papa.
-[man 1] No! I can't let go of him…
-[woman 1] Sit down! Quickly!
-[woman 2] He's fine.
-[woman 1] What are you saying? He's not.
[woman 2] Will someone call an ambulance?
[all clamoring]
-[woman 1] Take his pulse!
-[man 1] I don't know how to.
[somber music continues]
[man 2] Thank you so much, my general.
[man 3] Murderer! [spits]
[foot stamping]
[music fades out]
[group] Heil!
[water pouring]
[chimes tinkling melodically]
[Vivaldi's "Cello Concerto
in D Minor" playing]
[cape fluttering]
[squishing]
[chugging]
NEW MARKETS
NON-GLOBAL CHILE
[powerful cello melody continues]
[door creaking]
[British woman] The knife mustn't
pierce the center of the chest.
-Lest it puncture the heart.
-[muffled scream]
That would be ruinous.
Far better to begin
by slicing the arteries of the neck…
[gurgling]
…which has the added advantage
of also severing the vocal cords,
and in so doing,
of course, preventing screams.
[wet squelching]
[dramatic concerto continues]
[whirring]
[gulls calling in distance]
[ship's horn blowing]
[British woman] It's said that when
one samples the succulent muscle
of a still palpitating heart,
it's hard to go back
to being a normal person.
It's time to sleep.
To find a dark, damp spot.
A dungeon perhaps, or a sewer.
Or the body of a woman.
[nuns singing "Laudi alla Vergine Maria"]
[wings fluttering]
[British woman] This meek,
virginal young face
is really that of a violent,
difficult woman.
She is love. She is God, yes.
But most of all
she is young and delicious.
[a capella choir
continues singing in Latin]
[no audible dialogue]
Come with me.
[priest] If this is what God asks…
[speaking indistinctly]
[woman] Of course.
[British woman] The Mother Superior
promised to send her finest exorcist nun.
A lady not for turning.
[Mother Superior] …so she may
carry out God's work.
[British woman] A real woman.
Señora…
Show me.
[British woman] This human pigswill
is Fyodor Krasnov,
a whitefly of Russian descent.
And yesterday?
[Fyodor] Same as today.
Just vegetables, as usual.
[British woman] A Cossack forged
from vodka and steel.
I don't understand at all.
He says he wants to die,
and no more blood…
and now he's hunting?
Yes, it's strange.
[British woman] He is the general's only
and most loyal slave.
I don't want Augusto to die.
Whatever you need, Señora.
[sighs] Well then, salute me.
[lady of the house] Mm.
Well, get ready
because my children are coming home.
-[Fyodor] To steal from my general?
-[lady of the house] To steal from me.
Allow me.
[British woman] These five siblings
are all that remains of a family
that reigned in Chile for almost 20 years.
Now they are there
to discover why their father decided
to go hunting for hearts in the big city.
The carnage was terrifying.
[boat engine puttering]
ARK
[bird calling]
[daughter 1] One would think
an old man like Papa
would calm down with the years,
but it seems not.
We don't know
who's hunting for those hearts.
-We don't know that?
-No, not yet.
What do you know?
The same as you.
-No one is judging you here.
-I'm not judging you either.
We're too old to be this naive, frankly.
Besides, we're here for a reason.
I came 'cause I was told
they were giving out money.
That's what I told you to
convince you to come, imbecile.
So they're not giving it out?
-Oh, come on.
-What do you mean, come on?
Of course they'll share it,
but just relax.
They're not going to give out money.
Not one peso.
-We have to find it.
-[daughter 2] Where is that money?
Hidden in papers, documents, folders.
Did you know people are going
crazy with all these murders?
I think it's completely normal.
Imagine, whole hearts being taken out.
It's weird.
I hope they find him soon.
-Who?
-The murderer.
-I thought they'd already got him.
-Who has?
The police have.
That they don't come
looking here, is all I ask.
I think inheritance is something
one should be able to enjoy now,
and not wait your whole life for.
It's not like it's your whole life…
But there are people
who live far too long.
-You think?
-Yes, I do.
[whimsical waltz playing]
[British woman] They screwed
all the women and all the men.
They crashed all the cars,
held all the parties,
and squandered all the state's money
on cheap wine and imitation velvet.
They won wars
and founded the country anew,
and then they were left powerless,
stripped of their honor.
[creaking]
[exhaling sharply]
[whimsical waltz continues]
EXTRA CONCENTRATED AJÍ
[steaming]
[sizzling]
[British woman] The whole family knows
the captain general is a vampire.
The only one in the family.
He has not bitten
a single one of his children,
preferring that they live
in accordance with natural order.
-[door opens]
-[waltz stops abruptly]
[footsteps approaching]
Good evening.
[all] Good evening, General!
[British woman] Who said that
vampires live loveless lives?
The trouble is that love dies
before the body does.
The vampire knows, tragically,
that love is not eternal.
[soft choral music playing]
This is the young body
that will make them suffer.
This white, innocent flesh
will destroy dreams and bring misery.
She knows it. Everyone knows it.
This was why she was chosen.
She was also chosen
for her gift for mathematics.
Her ability to calculate unspeakable sums.
She might have been a surveyor
or an engineer,
but God stole her heart.
-[inhales deeply]
-Or so she believed.
[whispering] Hail Mary, Mother of God,
pray for us sinners…
[voice breaking] …now
and at the hour of our death. Amen.
Hail Mary, full of grace,
the Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women, and
blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus.
[utensils clinking]
And to what do I owe this wonderful visit?
We were worried, Papa.
Worried. Of course.
Because I have various times almost died,
and various times said goodbye.
Someone has been eating hearts
in Santiago, Papa. Mm.
Someone?
It could have been me.
But it doesn't make any sense.
Why would I want to keep living
in a country that hates me?
They don't hate you.
No.
-They should hate me.
-They are ungrateful.
That's true.
They are ungrateful. What a pain.
But it is also true I made mistakes.
Accounting mistakes.
Oh, yes?
-Well, you all know.
-Know what, Papa?
No, we don't know anything.
It's a mess.
Your mother asks me every day
about secret bank accounts,
hidden properties all around the world,
and I can't remember anything.
I can't remember.
What can I do? I don't remember.
Although, the other day,
when I was calmer, I remembered something.
And?
I have some old books down in the cellar.
And there, along with…
with a lawyer and ex-minister,
we hid some papers.
I don't know, accounts,
receipts, commitments.
I don't know. Things that may be
worth something, have some value.
[British woman] The count has decided
to give his secret fortune
to his children.
This is enormously surprising.
But this wait has been eternal.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand why he should want
to throw away the money from our future.
[son 1] Papa?
Why now, Papa?
Well, I'd forgotten I'd lost it.
But I asked you that so often.
Well, I couldn't remember,
and now I do,
which is why I'm telling you.
I don't see why you all have long faces.
You should be happy.
Those papers, if they're of any value,
split them between you.
Half's for your mother
and the other half for all of you.
[British woman] I don't understand
what he feels
for this dwarfish, hateful woman, Lucía.
A peasant decked out in furs.
All she's done
her whole life is open her legs
and let a soldier fornicate with her.
[groans] And now I'm leaving. I'm tired.
I think I will die tonight.
[Count groans]
I wish you all the best of luck.
I love you very much.
I truly do love you with all my heart.
[grunts softly]
[grunts]
Permission to say something, my general.
Hmm?
Say it!
I love you, my general.
[lady of the house clears throat]
Uh…
I love you, Papa.
-I love you.
-I love you, Papi.
Lucía.
Don't make me say those
things in front of the children.
I like you.
You turn me on.
You old prostitute!
Will you show me the old cannons,
just before you die?
Will you make me sweat?
Just once.
I'll make you sweat
like the horse of a bandit.
-Mm.
-[military band playing cadence]
[playing "Adiós al Séptimo de la Línea"]
-[military anthem ends]
-[wind whistling]
[door rattles]
[distant creaking]
[somber string music playing]
[somber music continues]
[air hissing]
[British woman] In the late 1990s,
in recognition
of his long service to dirty work,
Fyodor was bitten by the count
and transformed into a vampire.
He was always a ruthless murderer
who learnt his craft
at the school of the Americas,
and set up
the Villa Grimaldi concentration camp
during the dictatorship,
killing hundreds
of revolutionaries with his own hands.
-[slurping]
-[music ends]
You went out to hunt for those hearts.
No, Señora.
I don't need them.
[British woman] Incredible, the butler
and the lady of the house
in a secret romance.
-An age-old but repulsive crime.
-[kissing wetly]
The documents.
Señora…
And the cash.
Excuse me.
[British woman] We can only assume
that Lucía knows that Fyodor
could bite her one day,
if the count continues refusing to do it,
as he has for the last 60 years.
[papers rustling]
[cart creaking]
[Count sighs deeply] Why can't I die?
[Lucía] Because you don't want to die.
Of course I want to die.
I've been alive for 250 years.
[Lucía] And we could live 250 years more.
I don't want to live 250 more years.
Oh my God.
But why not?
Because I was treated like a thief.
A soldier you can call a murderer,
anything, but not a thief.
I killed hundreds of Reds.
Hundreds of Reds.
And they will accuse me
all my life of stealing.
They… they humiliated me.
[voice breaking] They humiliated me.
But you did steal, right?
[sighs exasperatedly]
This is what we're gonna do.
You bite me…
and then we go out at night to hunt.
Just blood.
After that let's…
go to the cellar
where you have all the hearts.
We eat all of the hearts,
then we rejuvenate.
We go to another country,
with different names…
-Fifteen years old.
-[chuckles]
With a new army, you know?
But I don't understand why I can't…
Why I'm unable to die.
You put blood in my meals.
You put blood in my food
so I can keep on living.
-Huh?
-No.
"President Allende,
the army will not betray you!"
What?
That's what I told him.
Well? The next day I betrayed him.
I betrayed him.
-[scoffs] The idea was mine.
-Yes, but no one knows that.
That was a vengeance of mine.
I had a mission. A mission to just smash.
To smash the…
The anarchists,
to smash the trade unionists,
smash the republicans,
and the free slaves.
But you fell in love with me.
Sixty years we've been together.
What else do you want? You've had it all.
Children, grandchildren.
And you're the queen of this desert.
Listen, what are you complaining about?
We have a glass of brandy every night,
we talk, we sleep holding hands.
What else is there?
To be a beast just like you.
[sighs]
[daughter 2] No,
there have to be more papers.
In English.
Bank letters, bonds, vouchers,
bearer bonds, things like that.
Like this?
Let me see.
And like this?
[laughs]
Is your friend coming?
-She's not my friend.
-Who's coming?
Did you let your accountant know?
Yes, I did. He'll send an assistant
as he isn't able to come.
What, now?
-That's what we agreed on.
-[son 2] I didn't agree to anything.
-Can we trust her?
-Totally. From a military family.
-But a woman.
-[daughter 1] Yes.
Excuse me.
A young woman?
-[daughter 1] Yes.
-[son 1] What does it matter?
If she knows how to read this and doesn't
say anything to the press, she's perfect.
Do we have to pay her?
Of course we have to pay her,
and a lot, so she doesn't want revenge.
Is this everything?
You'd have to check with my general.
But in principle, no.
Then we're rich.
Yes, of course.
[pensive cello music playing]
[engine rumbling]
[wind howling]
-Merci.
-If you please?
Thank you.
[fire crackling]
[sighs] Good morning.
Hello. Finally. Papa!
What?
It's the accountant
that's going to help us.
What's her name?
Carmen.
Carmencita.
[in French] I have come to count
your silver coins and weigh your gold.
Discreetly, of course.
That would be wonderful,
but I'm afraid there isn't much left.
I'm poor.
In that case, I will find money
you didn't even know you had.
[son 1 in English] In French?
[in French] Forgive me, but...
You understand my childish French?
I'm forgetting
the language of my Sun King.
It is the language of treason.
And the war is never forgotten.
[ominous music playing]
Possibly.
The New Testament says that God can
only understand the French language.
And if I remember correctly,
it says that God listens with love
to those who whisper in his ear in French.
[chuckles softly]
God is in love with the beauty
that he himself has envisioned.
He is a vain artist.
An artist that created woman…
to be perfect.
That's beautifully said.
Yes.
Very beautiful.
-[door creaking]
-[wind whistling]
[ominous music continues]
-[in English] Thank you.
-Yes, of course.
Make yourself at home.
With your permission.
[ominous music rises]
[music fades out]
[Carmen] It would be a possession.
It's like being permanently pregnant
with the enemy of our Lord.
Yes, but…
you think the devil got inside his body?
-Yeah
-How?
It got in.
Sometimes the devil comes in
through a wound in the skin.
It happens to soldiers
in the battle, for example.
Other times, the devil enters the body…
in the anus.
-When a man practices, uh… sodomy.
-Watch your mouth, you.
Papa was always a patriot soldier,
let me tell you that.
Of course. In his case,
it must have entered through a war wound.
-Of course. Mm.
-Yes, of course.
Listen, and if Papa was born this way?
And what if he is a part
of a species of animal.
So an animal from hell?
Sure, like a man with no spirit.
Like a dog.
Beasts live alongside us all.
Devil's creatures with no soul.
Just a black smoke in the chest region.
And beasts like that cannot be saved.
They simply have to be killed.
I don't want Papa to suffer.
Honestly, the battle will be so fierce.
Satan's pathetic and melodramatic
and also relentless.
If I run out of strength,
he could end up killing me.
I don't really care.
-Ah.
-No, just kidding.
[chuckles]
-Darling?
-Huh?
My papa, you will treat him with love.
-Violence is for the devil.
-Mm-hm.
With God's love, he'll be asphyxiated.
The holy water will burn him.
And when the invader flees in humiliation,
your father will be at death's door.
He will be bedridden.
If he's a survivor, it means
that he has always had a soul
And if only a portion
of good soul is there,
that little bit,
it belongs to the Holy Spirit.
-And you will see me save it.
-[chuckles]
[suspenseful music playing]
[camera whirring]
[thunder rumbling]
[music fades out]
[Carmen] This printed record talks
about 12 apartments.
This kind of investment
provides a passive income,
and is very common in
families that don't want to work.
There… There are 14.
Fourteen?
-The property records, they're not here.
-[daughter 3] What?
-But how can properties just disappear?
-[daughter 1] Please. It's a minor thing.
Twelve, fourteen, it's the same.
No, "please." It needs to be clarified.
We are talking about my money.
-Your money?
-Yes, my money.
Just shut up for a bit and let her work.
Am I bothering you?
No. I'm never bothered.
Actually, I love seeing
blatant envy and violence.
Because this irrationality is
what allows you to betray each other.
My method is to foster confusion,
because confusion,
leads to betrayal and lies.
-And so you're not bothered?
-Mm-mm.
I'm bothered,
I'm trying to work here, you know.
What's this operation called CEMA Chile?
The Mothers of Chile Center,
it's right there.
ESTATE SUMMARY
You derived money as the
Commander in Chief of the Army,
from the payment of commissions
for the sale of weapons and
supplies to CEMA Chile, right?
Mama?
There are no accounting documents.
But this says the head of CEMA was
the president's wife, which means you.
There were also reserved funds transferred
from the attaché offices and embassies
from the Military Chiefs to CEMA Chile.
It's so good that they appeared,
those papers, no?
[daughter 1] I don't understand.
Are we discussing
your inheritance here, Mama?
-I'm not dead yet, darling.
-No, but you're almost there.
It's just layers, and layers
upon layers of lies, Mama.
Well, those layers and layers of lies
are making you a millionaire now.
Well, we need to fix this,
if he's going to die.
Well, I don't know what
you're squabbling about, to be honest.
Everything that comes up, I'm pass…
passing on to you immediately,
like the house in the snow.
-[daughter 3] What house?
-In La Parva?
No, Aspen.
United States?
No, no.
It's a refuge Papa transferred to me,
because you've never been
interested in skiing.
I'd like to learn to ski.
And Papa wants to give us equal parts.
Well, but this he gave to me,
just me and no one else but me.
I'm outraged by this injustice.
[camera whirring]
I've been studying your judicial case,
and after examining those filthy slanders,
can you imagine, it says that you ordered
the murder and disappearance
of thousands of Chileans.
-Oh?
-Yes.
There is also evidence
against you regarding secret documents
and ill-gotten wealth.
That is why I've come to the conclusion
that you have other assets
held in other countries.
Yes, yes. That's why I had to die.
She wanted to get hold of them.
Sure. But you didn't die
when they said you died, did you?
In fact, I look at you now,
and paradoxically,
you are breathing fiercely,
like a bull in spring.
-[inhales deeply] Ah, yes?
-Yes.
What a thing.
And could you explain in detail
the finance companies
where those secret accounts are?
Of course! I had to take the money out
because my children
don't know how to work,
and I didn't want them to starve to death.
Right…
-I don't want you to think I'm a thief.
-No, no, no, no.
Thieves steal what belongs to others.
-You use your power to enrich yourself.
-That's it.
That of course is the only way to do it.
I was a reserved general.
An intellectual.
Until a person came that convinced me
that I had to make a military coup
to get rid of the government
of that Marxist-Leninist Allende.
And then, I was surrounded
by gentlemen so elegant with cologne.
Until someone came,
very elegant as well,
and offered me money.
I didn't know what to do.
He says, "What's more, don't worry."
"I'll even open an account
for you in a Caribbean bank."
"Okay," I said. I accepted.
And a little bit later
he asked for a favor.
He wanted to buy companies
owned by the state at a cheap price.
I thought about it and realized that what
this man was doing was blackmailing me.
And then they came
in droves to talk to me.
And they offered me the moon
and then even more… Rich. I got it all.
So much so that Lucía put a… a chandelier.
Just hanging from the ceiling
in the bathroom.
Aside from all that,
I became a star all around the world
because I had defeated communism.
It's such a scandal
that you were the victim
of a manipulation so utterly horrible,
and that unknowingly,
you were involved in influence peddling.
Accidentally receiving secret payments
from soulless businessmen.
Yes, that's true, that's true, I have
beyond all doubt been a victim here.
However, I can't quite believe it.
Because you are a captain general,
you are a hero that should be more
intelligent than those simple businessmen.
Right.
And you never thought
to donate your fortune
to the charities of the Catholic faith?
[chuckling] If I did that,
my children would murder me.
But isn't that what you desire?
To be killed?
[hesitates] Well, yes,
it's just that, right now…
Uh… I've decided, well…
it would be good to live another life.
Well, if that's your desire,
and you want to repeat the horror,
then let's recover that fortune
that was lost in those papers.
You make a good point.
I want you to know
that my questions are personal
because they are needed for my work.
But I am also a curious person,
and I like to undress with my voice.
That is fine. Magnificent.
What are you planning to destroy
when you start again?
Well, the International Court
in The Hague.
And… I don't know.
It's not important.
I haven't decided yet because,
I tell you, I want to live.
[British woman] There's nothing more
gruesome than watching a man fall in love.
I hope you have been inspired
by my presence.
Yes.
[British woman] It's worse than
seeing a body without a heart.
Men of sin have told me that my body
has something that invites
a second opportunity.
-What is that?
-No idea.
Maybe I smell like paradise flowers.
It could also be
a new hormone that changes…
the acidic smell of my body.
Oh, I'm not…
[inhales deeply]
Not quite able… able to smell you.
[somber string music playing]
[all munching loudly]
[son 1] Mmm.
[Carmen] Mm-hm.
Papa isn't coming down to eat?
[treadmill whirring]
[somber string music continues]
[grunting]
[walker approaching]
[door creaking]
[Count wheezing]
Will you come in?
Of course I'll come in.
[groaning]
[gasping]
[grunting]
-[groaning in pain]
-[door squeaks]
[wheezing]
[mechanical whirring]
[somber string music continues]
[sniffing]
[British woman] This is old blood.
Old hearts from old bodies.
They can't give life
the way that fresh blood can.
[whispering] Our Father who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done,
on Earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread,
and forgive us our trespasses, as we
forgive those that trespass against us.
[gasping softly]
[inhales deeply]
[shuddering exhale]
[sighs]
[wind gusting]
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
on Earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread,
and forgive us our trespasses,
as we forgive those
who trespass against us.
[voice breaking] And lead us not
into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
For thine is the kingdom, the power
and the glory, for ever and ever. Amen.
[music ends]
Our Father, who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come, thy will be done
on Earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread,
and forgive us our trespasses,
as we forgive those
who trespass against us.
And lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil.
For thine is the kingdom,
the power and the glory,
for ever and ever. Amen. Hail Mary…
Don't go out to hunt, my general.
[Count grunting]
Why not?
I don't want to waste any time.
I'm trying to help you die.
You think I am pleased with your service?
-Killing Reds? Anyone can do that.
-No, not anyone.
I taught all of my soldiers
to kill for pleasure.
And burning women's breasts
with electricity?
Was that pleasure?
With love, even.
Pleasure.
[laughs]
And when I finally bit you,
you dropped your trousers.
Why was that?
Don't go out to hunt, my general.
That woman, the accountant is a nun.
That woman wants
to the get the devil out of me.
But you know,
I have nothing inside.
[laughs] And neither do I.
[laughs] We are both
creatures of the night.
And the night is made
just for thieves like you, sir.
I liked killing.
And you always liked to steal.
No, I liked killing as well.
But I can't live
like a country peasant, Fyodor.
No, I need to be standing in a rock,
in something made of cement.
Something solid.
I need people to help me.
I need servants like you.
It bothers me washing dirty sheets.
What do you mean, dirty sheets?
The ones left by Lucía and you.
But I've never touched her.
[ominous music playing]
Not yet?
No.
Fine, touch her now. Touch her.
But above all,
don't do those howls of pleasure.
No, that is so feminine.
I'll give you my wife.
You can keep her.
You can do whatever you want with her.
But the money, it's mine.
["The Four Seasons,
Violin Concerto in G Minor" playing]
[cape fluttering]
May I take your photo?
[orchestral music fades]
You and your brothers and sisters were
in prison in 2007 for embezzlement--
We were political prisoners.
Of course, but you were
also accused of hitting--
How do you intend to do this exorcism?
With God's love.
But what if you don't get the demon out?
That depends on the will
of the Holy Spirit.
Enough with that.
If you don't manage to get the devil out
of my papa, what will you do with him?
I can kill him with a plastic bag,
you know.
-What do you mean?
-I put a bag on his head, he's gone.
-I cut--
-The genitals?
-Not necessary.
-Cut it all.
Did you know that there were
secret documents,
vouchers and various bearer bonds?
-Yes?
-Yes.
And why didn't you come
looking for them before,
during all these years in which
your father has been the living dead?
Because as you said, those leftist judges
have continued to investigate us.
So it wasn't wise to go
looking for unreported money.
In any case, my mama figured out
how to continue receiving donations.
And some of that charity
got through to us.
[suspenseful music playing]
[cape fluttering]
[dog barking]
[British woman] It's a great mistake
to feed on the heart of an older woman.
This blood is cold and thick.
The count has not been
out hunting in years.
He's lost the knack.
After the attack on the
Twin Towers in the year 2001,
the senate of the United States
required several financial entities
to lift banking privacy
so they could investigate
how the finances of terrorism worked.
Fucking gringos.
Accidentally,
they looked into your family,
and the accounts
with all those fake names.
Then they put Osama Bin Laden's
picture next to your father's.
[both laughing]
How many accounts were there?
A hundred and twenty-five
in the United States, maybe.
Maybe?
Those are the accounts the judge saw,
but he didn't investigate very well.
He didn't see what was in Germany,
the Bahamas, or Gibraltar, for example.
[Carmen] Your father used,
among others, the criminal alias
"Daniel López" to hide
his many illegal acts.
Are you aware of why
he chose such a normal name?
It isn't a criminal alias, you know.
It isn't!
Well, it's not exactly an artistic name.
It's a nom de guerre.
But for a war against the law
that protects the Republic
from financial crimes.
He used it only to make, um…
So he could have… So he could have
the income that matched the fortunes
of the hundreds of businessmen
that he helped become millionaires.
Then it was an illegal and ordinary name
that was created for a goal
that was absolutely noble.
Well, it may be illegal…
according to the laws
of this ungrateful country,
but it was in fact a wholly blessed act
in the face of divine justice.
[machines whirring and clanging]
The thing is that Papa
was a martial arts expert.
And he could stop his breath
for ten minutes.
-At least.
-At least?
-His pulse as well.
-Ah.
So when it was Mama's birthday celebration
and he had that failure,
the doctors came immediately,
took his vitals and declared him dead.
He could probably do
the same thing once more.
No. No, because now
he wants to die for real.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[gagging]
[choking]
Maybe that was the name of
a distant relative, I'm just guessing.
Or instead, in the 1980s,
the captain general first killed,
and then burned,
and then threw into the sea
from a helicopter
the charred body of Daniel López.
Papa isn't capable of killing anyone!
No, of course.
His subordinates were the ones
that committed
those heinous acts of violence.
But I am talking about
your papa's strange sense of humor.
Because maybe the captain general
could have used the name of one of those
disappeared detainees to… To swindle.
To make a bitter joke that only
the true killers of this Daniel López
could possibly understand.
But that is impossible because my papa
has no sense of humor. He doesn't have it.
-[dramatic orchestral music rises]
-[man choking]
[gurgling]
[music ends]
-I love him.
-[Carmen] Yes, yes.
[wind whistling]
So you believe in God?
Yes. Yes, of course.
I went to
a very traditional Catholic school.
When Franco died
three nuns committed suicide.
Why does God almighty
allow the devil to live
when he could have killed him already, no?
It's a sublime mystery,
but we resign ourselves to the Lord,
and we say that with love we don't mind
living in ignorance of his motivations,
because one day we will live in
the bristling bosom of his love.
-Is that clear?
-Yes, it's clear.
But what happens
if I have the devil in my soul?
Because I like whiskey, men,
cars and expensive things.
-Is that the devil?
-That is definitely a call from Satan.
And what's God giving?
Pure sanctified love.
My desire is to one day
look my holy Lord in the eye…
What a load of shit.
I'm sure that God sends us into
the world to see if we are with the devil.
I was tempted, and did it all,
lust was always a big thing for me.
I'm dirty.
Very dirty.
-Hm.
-Sorry.
No. Don't worry.
I agree with what you say.
In fact, I came to this world
to meet the devil.
That we can live together.
Give him love.
To be tempted.
To be caressed.
To caress him as well.
To humiliate.
Make the devil see God's way.
[British woman] Nothing is more nutritious
than the heart of a young woman.
It contains certain hormones,
a certain chemical
that fires up
the blood of the eternal man.
This latest victim is certainly not that.
But the count is behaving erratically.
You do know that
your sister told me it all?
It all?
Your sister called me to come
and save the heart
and seething soul of your father.
An overburdened soul.
That is exactly what we've been
begging for such a long time.
All generals that conquer
have the absolute right to ransack,
and to keep a fortune!
Absolutely.
And it's very sad to see that his heirs,
like you,
cannot share the honor of his glory.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
-[blood splashing]
-[slurping]
The undefeated Chilean army allowed
your father to use it to launder money.
If you think of it that way, maybe.
But look, many years ago
I managed to purchase a steel company
from the army.
And it was cheap. Extremely cheap.
Because it was bankrupt.
And a few years after that,
I sold that company back to the same army,
but now for three million dollars.
That makes like…
How much is that?
1,000% profit?
I don't know the exact number
because I was never good at mathematics.
[chuckling] And did you
get it out of bankruptcy?
No, no, no. It was bankrupt.
I did nothing.
So the Chilean army, they went and
bought a totally bankrupt steel company
using your father's checks.
That's right.
And, then,
you deposited those three checks
that added up to three million dollars
in secret bank accounts
in Washington using pseudonyms.
Simple.
-Simple.
-But nobody ever knew.
So when people came forward,
I wasn't investigated.
We continued to live as normal.
-Free and happy.
-Excuse me, sir.
You are free because your father
threatened to stage a new coup
if you were investigated.
Yes, but every Christian Democrat
from that time was in agreement.
And if it worked, it worked.
Three million dollars in personal checks.
-Three million dollars.
-Sounds a lot.
But put into perspective,
it's insignificant.
Compare it to Fulgencio Batista
or Ferdinand Marcos. Huh?
After those guys our fortune's,
well, laughable.
Now they were corrupt.
And murderers as well.
[chuckles softly]
Your simple-mindedness is fascinating.
"My father stole less
than these other robbers."
It's only a villain
that can say those words.
An empty being that doesn't
believe in the human experience.
Why, thank you.
[camera whirring]
Are there any more hidden
documents in this house?
No.
So how did these documents get here?
-Do you remember that?
-They were brought here.
Apparently by helicopter,
but not while I was here.
And so you hid them in the cellar,
didn't you?
Possibly.
-[cape fluttering]
-[distant horns and sirens]
Drinking blood, for God's sake,
to be able to survive.
-It must be a horrible sacrifice.
-It must be so…
Besides, can you imagine the humiliation
of having to hide all that money
to live a life that never ends?
[son 1] But where is that money?
[Carmen] I'm finding everything out.
But tell me.
-Are there accounts in Panama?
-Yes.
-Six.
Seven.
And right now you can move money
between these accounts?
It's not possible.
[son 2] We bought old books,
collector's items.
My father liked that sort of thing.
Strange.
-You knew that?
-No, I didn't know. [chuckles softly]
My Papa stored a mountain of junk.
He had Napoleon's hat,
a sword from O'Higgins,
and a dress from, uh… [clicks tongue]
…some queen they had in France.
[somber string music playing]
Last question.
So Fyodor, the butler…
He also eats blood.
A white Russian.
He killed many Bolsheviks. Many.
Of course, the Bolsheviks of this country.
As revenge for the Russian
Revolution that exiled his family.
Here, he was a master of torture.
And my father bit him in the leg
to thank him for his services
and give him eternal life.
But you may already know that…
that butler is a brute.
He has only one testicle, like Hitler.
He can't eat normal food.
If there's no meat, it's human excrement.
He also eats animal excrement.
That's why he licks
the anus of shepherd dogs.
You haven't seen him?
No.
Not yet.
You were accused of killing
over 300 political prisoners.
-Are you proud?
-I declare that I'm absolutely innocent.
You are sentenced to 865 years in prison.
I don't understand how you are here.
Or if there is another person with
your same name and your same appearance
that is in prison right now
fulfilling your sentence.
I've only ever been myself.
[dramatic music rises]
The Chilean army, it taught me
torture was of the utmost importance.
I simply stuck to following
the instructions that were given to me.
When I was first trained as a soldier
by teachers paid by the state of Chile.
-I know what you are feeling.
-[music fades]
What?
When torturing someone,
it's more efficient,
the promise of it all,
than the torture itself.
The waiting causes more pain,
as the imagination is able to run wild.
What'll you do to me?
Put something cold inside of you.
[dramatic music rises]
[music fades]
-[whimpering softly]
-[footsteps approaching]
[sniffing]
[music ends]
[exhaling pleasurably]
[shuddering breaths]
[crying softly]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[cape fluttering]
[British woman] Every year, the Count
visits his old presidential palace
to see if they've
finally given him a bust.
Not yet.
It's so petty of them.
History is never fair.
[wind gusting]
[dramatic music rises]
[music fades out]
[door creaks open]
[footsteps approaching]
[ominous music playing]
He won't bite me.
He will not bite me.
It was him that went out
hunting for hearts that night.
-It was me.
-No.
I went out hunting for hearts that night.
He did it.
Dressed as the captain general.
It was me. I put his uniform on. Me.
[British woman] The butler did it.
He dressed as his general.
Fulfilled his delusions of absolute power.
He impersonated the king
in order to have him killed.
[woman lets out a muffled scream]
[British woman] He betrayed
the love of his life.
I did it to terrorize your children.
So they'd come here.
-Why's that?
-To kill him.
My general wants to die but can't.
Why not?
Because there is someone
that doesn't want him to die.
Who?
I don't know…
who.
What's really happening is that
you want my children to kill him
as you are incapable.
I can't kill the general.
It was he who bit me.
You want to keep his fortune
and steal his woman.
Who is his woman?
Me.
I am.
Not now.
I've seen him very much in love
with a French accountant.
My general likes fine horses.
With your permission…
[ominous music fades]
[loud banging]
[mechanical whirring]
[suspenseful music rises, fades]
["I Love Men" by Rosita Serrano playing]
[Count chuckling]
♪ My English, it is not so hot
But this you understand ♪
-♪ I love men ♪
-[Count hums along, laughs]
♪ My daily thinking is very mannish... ♪
-[ominous music rising]
-[Count] Yeah.
-[Carmen reciting prayer in Latin]
-[upbeat '40s tune continues on player]
[Carmen continues speaking Latin]
[in English] I command you,
Satan, prince of this world,
to recognize the power
and strength of Jesus Christ,
who vanquished you in the desert,
vanquished you in the garden,
stripped you on the cross,
and rising up from the tomb, transferred
your bounty to the kingdom of light.
[continues in Latin]
-["I Love Men" fades out]
-[ominous music takes over]
[in English] You shall leave now,
Satan, trickster of the human race.
Leave this creature of God.
[whimpering] This I have spoken
with a seal of worship.
Lead this man out of hell,
and let God anoint him into a…
-A temple of sanctuary.
-[clattering]
[Carmen panting]
-[Carmen gasping]
-[window smashing]
[whimpering]
[moaning]
[ominous music fades out]
[breathing deeply]
[moaning in pleasure]
[crunching]
[door squeaking]
FINAL REPORT
PINOCHET FAMILY
[suspenseful string music playing]
[Carmen grunting loudly]
[grunting]
[panting]
[moaning]
[deep guttural breathing]
[grunting]
[breathing deeply]
[moaning softly]
[Count grunting]
[somber string music playing]
Do it.
[growling]
-[crunching]
-[Carmen moans]
[Count] Mm.
[Carmen exhaling deeply]
[Carmen moans]
[somber string music rising]
[wheezing]
[wind gusting]
[clattering]
[robes fluttering]
[stirring string music soars]
[gasping]
[dramatic music continues]
-[Carmen gasps]
-[Count grunts]
[string music fades]
[cape fluttering]
[British woman] It's time
for me to head south once again.
Because it's not the first war
I've fought in this hemisphere.
This time I have to
because our dear count has crossed a line.
Call me a conservative,
but this puerile intimacy
shall not be allowed.
I thought I was going to be able
to tell this story from my chambers.
But now there is no alternative.
[son 1] With these documents
and this money,
the Church could blackmail
the Chilean army, the state of Chile,
and also the businessmen
who nobly donated their money,
jewelry and cash to help Mother Lucía.
But Carmen is a child.
A little bitch.
She has a perfect mind.
Beautiful and criminal.
She's even better than I am.
She came to steal.
Bitch.
-Whore.
-I told her everything.
-She's gonna steal it.
-No.
-She'll steal it all.
-That is not what he is saying.
-I think she's gonna blackmail us.
-[daughter 3] No, you idiot.
She's going to steal,
humiliate us, and blackmail the others.
-[son 1] And that was the only copy?
-[daughter 1] We have to check her room.
[son 1] The money. Where's the money?
[son 2] Did someone get in her suitcase?
Mm. She will kill him.
-The nun will kill him?
-And then they're going to blame me.
She brought stakes and silver hammers.
-And holy water and some bits of rope.
-She what?
She brought stakes and silver hammers!
-Are you deaf?
-She won't kill me.
She won't kill me.
I already went down once,
I won't go down again.
-And Mama? Where is she?
-She's fine, with Fyodor.
She won't kill me either.
I won't let a little girl kill me.
You have to kill her.
I can't. My general would kill me first.
You're more loyal
to the general than to me?
Let me bite you.
-No.
-Now, let me bite you right now.
I am the royal queen.
Stop fooling around.
I am a foreigner to this century.
And to you I am life eternal.
If you're gonna bite me,
I want you to kill the general first.
With your permission.
I want you to win a war for--
[straining]
Ooh! Get…
[groaning]
[intriguing orchestral music playing]
Margaret?
Who's the lucky lady?
Um. Don't know. I have no idea.
I just met her. I only met her today.
Get dressed.
A pleasure to see you.
I thought you were dead,
but, like me,
there are still other ancient people.
Why did you bite her?
Well, because
she's the flavor of the hour.
I am your love, Count.
Your oldest love.
Many years ago,
I was an English seasonal worker
in the vineyards of southern France.
It was a hard life,
but I didn't starve to death.
Sometimes
the sailors landing at Marseilles,
would venture into the fields
to let off steam
with the peasant girls they'd find
among the onions or the grapes.
They were ferocious men.
He raped me, of course.
But oddly, he was most interested
in my neck.
As he committed his crime,
he told me his name over and over again.
-Strigoi.
-[sucking]
[Margaret] Strigoi.
He said he was a trafficker of slaves.
-That I would be his slave forever.
-["Cold Song" playing]
A few months later, I realized Strigoi
had turned me into a vampire.
And had left me with child.
Luckily, Strigoi returned
to the vineyard whenever he could.
I had to see him again
to thank him for what he'd done for me.
-[grunting]
-[gasping]
[rasping breath]
[Margaret] From that romantic liaison,
a beautiful child was born.
Whom I could not take care of.
On February 25, 1766,
you emerged from my belly.
In the basket, I left you
a note with your name.
[baby fusses]
[Margaret] I, Margaret Roberts,
the fallen peasant girl, lived many lives.
I crossed the Channel to Great Britain.
And in 1951,
married Denis Thatcher, taking his name.
They called me the Iron Lady.
The unrelenting Margaret Thatcher.
You never knew who your mother was.
And I never heard word of you,
though I searched for two centuries.
In the Falklands War,
you decided to help us,
not knowing that I,
your mother, was the prime minister.
Years later, that horrid Spanish judge
took out an international warrant
against you
for some human rights business,
and you were arrested in London.
And when I visited you in Virginia Waters
to thank you
for what you'd done for England,
I recognized you, but I didn't say a word.
[chilling bass aria rising]
The message is simple.
The general must be freed.
He was a staunch friend of Britain.
A dear ally who supported us
throughout the Falklands War.
He supplied valuable military intelligence
against the Argentine enemy.
Pinochet should be tried in Chile,
not in England.
You are the son
of the vampire Strigoi.
And I am the love of your life.
And now we shall begin our life together.
But first, you must eliminate her.
[music ends]
No.
I allowed this trollop from the Church
to bring back your lust for life.
It was effective and very moving,
but now she must die,
and you are going to kill her.
Don't worry. No one understands
the love between a mother and son.
Lucía.
You motherfucking old bitch.
I always knew you
wanted to steal my husband.
Don't speak to me like that,
indigenous woman.
And I don't want to steal him. He's mine.
What? You bit her?
You've only just met this little thief,
and you've bitten her already!
Oh, don't be an old nag!
You reek of Fyodor.
I can smell him from over here.
Traitor.
[daughter 1] Then Mama
will never die either.
[daughter 3] And now Carmencita.
We're screwed. We're left with nothing.
[daughter 3] What?
If Papa doesn't die,
we won't get anything.
And if they kill each other?
-Why would they kill each other?
-For the money?
No, 'cause they love and hate each other.
They're not of our species.
[Margaret] A superior species.
-We'll just have to kill them.
-[melancholy music playing]
You'll kill four vampires?
I'm not gonna kill Mama.
[electronic humming]
[sighs]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[slurping]
[disdainfully] South America.
[somber string music playing]
[dramatic string music playing]
[Margaret] The count's secret boudoir
is a place of pure nostalgia.
A ridiculous
reconstruction of royal life in France,
before the revolutionary terror.
It's his time machine.
And now Carmen is his queen, dressed as
-Marie Antoinette.
She's yours now.
Just like all men, my son is an idiot
who never could understand women.
[music ends abruptly]
[Margaret] He loved many
and burned several
but never had the wit to read
such a glaringly obvious plan.
You old horror!
Penniless old man.
You loveless old man!
What a pain.
You don't know about victory.
It's true that beauty
and intelligence never go together.
The end of this ridiculous affair.
-[glass shattering]
-[dramatic music playing]
[door creaking]
-[gasping]
-[blade drawing]
-[blood splashing]
-[Fyodor gasping]
[body thuds]
[panting]
[Margaret] She sacrificed her life
to do the bidding of the Holy Spirit.
A perfect religious fanatic.
Our Church needs to be reborn.
Just like our Lord Jesus Christ.
Amen, Monsignor.
Once you are finished with the report,
you will have to defeat Satan.
And kill the vampire.
And if you find any document
signed to the bearer,
that may be of use to the Church,
take it.
Banks, account numbers, companies,
documents signed by important people,
Ministers, businessmen, whatever.
Let them talk.
[dramatic music continues]
[gasping]
[dramatic music rises]
[Carmen gasping and crying]
[screams]
-[squelching]
-[head thumps]
[somber string music playing]
[sighs deeply]
[dramatic string music playing]
[agonized moaning]
[wet sawing]
[moaning continues]
Right.
-[fire crackling]
-[straining]
[grunting]
[dramatic music ends]
[sighs] Well, shall we?
Papa?
Papa!
[inhales deeply] What a pain.
Let's go.
[daughter 1] Papa?
Papa?
[Margaret] The pack of philistines
who came to plunder this place
never knew that the true treasure
of this house
was always the books that my son
collected throughout his long life.
Napoleon's letters to his brother.
Darwin's diaries.
The first copy
of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf.
Chile's Declaration of Independence.
And several other gems that
we will auction for millions of pounds.
[items clattering]
[Margaret] This is
what the count achieved.
Beyond the killing, his life's work
was to turn us into heroes of greed.
[women's choir singing "Sanctus"]
ARK
[choir continues singing melancholy tune
in Latin]
[motor approaching]
[choral music rising]
[choral music fades]
[Margaret] It's well-known that vampires'
hearts are the most delicious by far.
They are also the most efficient
for renewing our bodies.
It's hard to explain, but every fiber
of heart that descends through our chests
makes us younger.
[choral music continues]
[children shouting happily]
[Margaret] My son preferred to remain
in this country of rubble.
-I didn't have much choice.
-[school bell rings]
[Margaret] Children today
do as they please.
He says that
the most dangerous leftists of all
are right here.
We shall see.
Perhaps I shall find it interesting,
being rich in a country of the poor.
If you want anything said, ask a man.
If you want anything done, ask a woman.
[choral music ends]
THE END
[mysterious chimes playing]
[upbeat march music playing]
[upbeat march music ends]
["Radetzky March"
by Johann Strauss playing]
by Johann Strauss continues]
[music ends]